Congratulations on completing the lesson.
In a previous lesson,
you saw how the derivative of something like displacement gives velocity.
And in this lesson, you saw the integral let's you go the other
way and calculate displacement from velocity,
or even velocity from acceleration.
And I hope at this point,
you have a conceptual understanding of what integral is,
and why it can be useful for understanding the motion of a self-driving car.
But, I also want to say that if you've never taken the calculus class before,
or even if you have,
you might be feeling a little overwhelmed right now and that's totally normal.
Calculus is really hard,
and traditional calculus classes spend months covering integrals.
As you keep working with and talking about motion, and rates of change,
and accumulation of change,
you'll become more and more comfortable with concepts like derivatives and integrals.
For now, I recommend you accept
any intellectual discomfort that you might be
feeling and prepare yourself for the next challenge,
because in the next lesson you're going to be taking a crash course in
another amazing branch of mathematics called trigonometry.